Welcome back or.
So today we're going to go ahead and perform another separation of functionalities as we did before
with account blessed.
So this component that we're about to create we would like it to be used for the serving of content
for the serving of forms for the creation of new accounts.
It's not going to handle the storing of new accounts.
It's not going to care about the logic that is used to basically store something into a database or
something like that.
We don't have a database yet but at a certain point in time we will have it at the moment.
I would just like to separate these functionalities so the parent component will take care of the storage
logic and the other component which we're about to create which will be a child component will be in
charge of actually creating the actually serving the forms to the user for the creation of new accounts.
So as before we need to create new folders we need to create three new folders so account for them to
come form h DML in a conference C Ss.
I'm just going to go ahead and copy them from here but I'm pretty sure you can see this and rewrite
it easily.
Right click on the account and new file go ahead and create it then you're going to need to team L-1
again just right click and file
and the CSSA of course you're going to need that as well.
OK.
So we have these three new files.
Now we need to populate in the very first one we're going to populate the CSSA that is the easiest one
we'll just go into the up component out SS and take what remains there.
And place it into this file here and save it and also saved up comput endorsee ss.
So now we know that it's empty.
Next up we're going to go into the up component of DML and we're going to take code from here in order
to populate the account for him.
More begin an end tag tag comments here.
That tell me from where should I begin and where should I end the copying process a bit close attention
to what you need to extract from the Sagem Alcoa's go right below the accounts list and go into the
first here.
Scroll all the way to the bottom and then next to last day of will be the one that you want to take.
So do you see it.
This is the last year.
This is the next to last year.
It's just control X take that and go into the DML file base that save at saved this that you save this
file as well.
From where you've taken the information that's it.
Now the account for TS I would like you to give it a shot prior to next prior to the beginning of the
next tutorial to actually write at least a portion of the code here on your show.
You can use this as a reference and this as a reference as well.
So this is this is the part that I would like you to write out for yourselves.
You don't need to actually deal with the imports it will shoot you.
But first I would like you to break this part out for yourselves.
You will definitely be able to figure out what the template you are l and styles or else are just pay
close attention to the sub folders here.
So give it a shot for beginning the next tutorial doesn't matter if you succeed or fail as long as you
have actually tried you.
Well in general you actually learn more from failed attempts than you learned from the successful but
then it's in my general logical things.
Ok so I'm going to bid you farewell here and we're going to meet up in the follow up to Tauriel.